this is the brand new DJI 04 air unit
[Music]
Pro it's dji's next Generation video
transmission system to take your aerial
creativity to new heights this air unit
provides excellent highdef video
transmission from extended distances
with low latency and with upgraded video
capabilities you don't even need to
attach an action camera to your drone
anymore its dual antenna design it
offers an impressive maximum 15
milliseconds 15 km digital video
transmission and supports 1080p 100
frames per second h.265 video
transmission which allows you to fly
incredibly far distances in beautiful
high resolution the all new racing mode
offers the lowest latency ever
supporting up to eight drones racing
simultaneously DJI took a massive leap
forward with the camera upgrading it to
a 1 by 1.3 in sensor offering both 16x9
and 4x3 aspect ratios you can now shoot
up to 4K 120 frames per second allowing
you to get shots like this directly from
the air unit the new unit also supports
dlog M which gives you a ton of
flexibility in post to color grade and
adjust your footage exactly how you want
it the internal stabilization on 04 is
the best that I've ever seen you can get
silky smooth stabilized videos like this
directly from the camera but if you
prefer to stabilize in post they allow
open IMU data for even more flexibility
this new air unit installs the exact
same way as the previous digital fpv
system so if you're upgrading all you
have to do is Plug and Play the air unit
itself is small and lightweight allowing
for flexible combinations and assembly
and if you crash the camera module can
be easily replaced along with 04 Pro DJI
is also releasing the DJI 04 air unit
and even though it's small it supports
4K 60 video has 23 GB of internal
storage has a 10 km range and supports
racing mode both the o4 air unit Pro and
the 04 air unit are compatible with a
wide range of DJI products the DJI 04
air unit is by far the best fpv flying
experience on the market snag the 04 air
unit Pro for Content creation and the 04
air unit for flying experience